Embryology will lead you to seek honesty in your feelings.
And that can be unsettling because we'll have to go into another context
which is not a context where will can intervene.
That is, I cannot have a pure voluntary act, I must be in an act of participation. Because the fetus developing there has power. It has power, it is very oriented, it makes very few mistakes. And finally, they still show us quite a few interactions, inductions and synchronicity in development. And we're going to study all that together, first through the very first movements. And we're going to look for certain algorithms through this development. That means things that are present and that can be repetitive, in which we can settle and work with. And so here we have... a small embryo, you see, with a neural tube and a cardio-pleuro-planetary cavity. And which we don't see in books, when we study anatomy, embryology, we don't see growth.
And which we don't see in books, when we study anatomy, embryology,
we don't see growth.
And that gives us wrong perceptions.
But if we look at how anatomy is really built,
man is absolutely not built around a bone structure.
Even though bone appears much later in development.
So we don't build ourselves.
from the dense, we build from the fluid.
And if we go even further, we realize that
where does the fluid come from, how does this fluid itself build?
Well, we see that it comes from an almost electrical, almost electromagnetic level.
And if we go further, ultimately, it's almost a photon level,
it's almost a luminous level, as if light could induce matter.
It's a bit philosophical.
That's really what I'm going to explain, actually.
We're going to start from the first series.
We see that the thing that develops here, it develops at the same time here.
And we will see that we can even find synchronisms on molecular, cellular,
tissue planes.
In the peritoire, you have molecular synchronicities that will occur in cerebral processes.
Or even...
What will happen, for example, at the level of the crista galli, will happen at the same time at the level of the falx cerebri.
For now, the only thing I'm asking you is to already see that there is growth.
We will see the development from the first cell, from fertilization,
and even what happens already before fertilization, on an electrical plane,
until the appearance of a first median line, which we will call the notochordal axis, with the establishment. first of a fluid cavity, which will be your first peritoneal cavity, primitive, of an amniotic cavity, until the formation of a third chamber, which is called the vitelline cavity, then the appearance within an embryonic tissue of a movement, of a wave that will form the notochordal process, which will induce the neurological process and which we will study.
all the dynamic development of the brain.
And what is the practical implication
that we will find each time in osteopathy?
You understand what I mean,
that there is no will.
You're in the womb, it's developing,
you can't say stop, wait.
The thing grows completely.
So we will be invited to participate on that level.